Frontend folder
--------------

This is the storage of all your data related only to the frontend side of the website.

Frontend is meant to be the public side of your application, open to the visitors.
It is here you provide the value for your customers.

Structure of this folder is the same as of `backend` one, and is based on the traditional `protected/` folder
from the project skeleton generated by Yii console tools.

`frontend/www` is the web root of the frontend, which should be published by your web server.

Table of Contents
-----------------

*   `components`

    All of the `CApplicationComponent` descendants registered under `components` section of config.
    Usually descendants of `CWebApplication`, `CWebUser`, `CUserIdentity` end up here, too.

*   `config`

    Pieces of configuration overrides relevant only to frontend are there.

*   `controllers`

    All of the `CController` descendants are intended to be placed here.
    Note that usually base `Controller` class ends up in `components` directory.

*   `extensions`

    All of Yii extensions you want to be explicitly associated with website frontend.
    No restriction of usage is enforced, you still can import classes from here to any other entry point like backend.

*   `models`

    All of `CModel` descendants which should be visible in frontend entry point only.
    Usually all of helper classes and business domain objects end up here, too.

*   `modules`

    This is the directory for [modules](http://www.yiiframework.com/doc/guide/1.1/en/basics.module) inside the frontend.

*   `packages`

    Packages of CSS&JS assets to easily include them into frontend layout using `CClientScript.register*` methods.
    Initially in YiiBooster inside this folder lies the package for the frontend-specific styles describing its design.

*   `runtime`

    Yii requires this folder to hold some temporary files used while running.
    `frontend/runtime` is used only by the frontend entry point.

*   `views`

    View files for controllers.
    Structure is the same as in traditional `protected` folder: for each controller ID there should be a subfolder
    with all view files for this controller.

*   `widgets`

    All `CWidget` descendants intended to be associated with frontend.
    As with `extensions` folder, no real usage restriction is enforced,
    you are free to reference this widgets from backend, too.

*   `www`

    Web root of the frontend entry point.
    You publish this folder using your web server to make the frontend accessible from Web.
    Anything inside `www` is intended to be directly publicly visible by visitors.

