Backend folder
--------------

This is the storage of all your data related only to the backend side of the website.

Backend is meant to be the administrator's area, holding the various editor tools and with restricted access.

Structure of this folder is the same as of `frontend` one, and is based on the traditional `protected/` folder
from the project skeleton generated by Yii console tools.

`backend/www` is the web root of the backend, which should be published by your web server.

Table of Contents
-----------------

*   `components`

    All of the `CApplicationComponent` descendants registered under `components` section of config.
    Usually descendants of `CWebApplication`, `CWebUser`, `CUserIdentity` end up here, too.

*   `config`

    Pieces of configuration overrides relevant only to backend are there.

*   `controllers`

    All of the `CController` descendants are intended to be placed here.
    Note that usually base `Controller` class ends up in `components` directory.

*   `extensions`

    All of Yii extensions you want to be explicitly associated with website backend.
    No restriction of usage is enforced, you still can import classes from here to any other entry point like frontend.

*   `models`

    All of `CModel` descendants which should be visible in backend entry point only.
    Usually all of helper classes and business domain objects end up here, too.

*   `modules`

    This is the directory for [modules](http://www.yiiframework.com/doc/guide/1.1/en/basics.module) inside the backend.

*   `packages`

    Packages of CSS&JS assets to easily include them into backend layout using `CClientScript.register*` methods.
    Initially in YiiBooster inside this folder lies the package for the backend-specific styles describing its design.

*   `runtime`

    Yii requires this folder to hold some temporary files used while running.
    `backend/runtime` is used only by the backend entry point.

*   `views`

    View files for controllers.
    Structure is the same as in traditional `protected` folder: for each controller ID there should be a subfolder
    with all view files for this controller.

*   `widgets`

    All `CWidget` descendants intended to be associated with backend.
    As with `extensions` folder, no real usage restriction is enforced,
    you are free to reference this widgets from frontend, too.

*   `www`

    Web root of the backend entry point.
    You publish this folder using your web server to make the backend accessible from Web.
    Anything inside `www` is intended to be directly publicly visible by visitors.

